About the job
McMaster is a university with impact. Ranked among the top 100 universities globally, through its cutting-edge research and world-class teaching and learning, McMaster University is focused on advancing human and societal health and well-being – in the local community and around the world. As the pioneer of problem-based learning, McMaster has a rich history of educational innovation. Over the past several decades, McMaster University has experienced significant growth, leading to strategic acquisitions and real estate development across Hamilton and the Greater Toronto Area. Recognizing the transformative potential of real estate as a long-term and stable revenue source, McMaster has established the role of Associate Vice-President, Real Estate and Partnerships. Reporting to the Vice-President (Operations and Finance), this senior leadership position plays a critical role in shaping and executing the University’s external real estate strategy, with a focus on revenue generation, strategic partnerships, and innovative real estate development.


The AVP will lead the development and implementation of McMaster’s real estate acquisition and development strategy. The AVP will source potential opportunities and partnerships, prepare proposals for review and discussion with the President and Vice-Presidents’ group, outlining details of the operating income and capital growth opportunities, and act as the key contact and representative of the University in building relationships with property developers, landowners, and other related constituents. They will also support and advance McMaster Innovation Park, engaging in negotiations with developers and other partners on financing deals and generating long-term value for the University, financially, reputationally, and academically.


The ideal candidate is a senior leader with deep experience in strategic real estate acquisition, development, and partnerships, preferably gained through deals with institutional or public-sector environments. The AVP will have a proven track record of leading complex real estate transactions, including acquisitions, public-private partnerships, land banking, and mixed-use developments. They bring deep expertise in structuring and negotiating property deals, generating revenue, and navigating municipal planning and zoning processes. They demonstrate strategic leadership, strong financial acumen, and the ability to lead multi-constituent projects from concept through execution, while building effective partnerships with developers, government officials, and community representatives. The successful candidate will possess a strong understanding of market dynamics, economic development trends, and institutional risk management.


McMaster has partnered with the leadership advisory firm Odgers for this search. Applications are encouraged immediately and ideally by October 24, 2025, at https://careers.odgers.com/en-ca/job/30763. For more information or accommodations at any step of the process, please contact Julia Robarts and Bridget Humeniuk at avprealestate@odgers.com.


The University seeks qualified candidates who share their commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from Indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+.


